Bandit tutorials (#220)
SforAiDl/genrl: docs/source/usage/tutorials/Using_UCB.md

> ### Training a UCB algorithm on a BernoulliMulti-ArmedBandit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Training a UCB algorithm on a Bernoulli Multi-Armed Bandit
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an introduction to Multi Armed Bandits, refer to Tutorial On Bandits
```

> For an introduction to Multi Armed Bandits, refer to Tutorial On Bandits

Reviewer 2: you can link the tutorial here.
